#!/bin/bash

rpm -e --nodeps aspell-af
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-ar
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-bg
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-bn
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-br
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-ca
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-cs
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-cy
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-da
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-de
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-el
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-es
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-fo
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-fr
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-ga
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-gd
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-gl
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-gu
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-he
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-hi
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-hr
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-id
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-is
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-it
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-mr
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-nl
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-no
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-or
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-pa
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-pl
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-pt
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-ru
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-sl
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-sr
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-sv
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-ta
rpm -e --nodeps aspell-te
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-cs
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-da
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-de
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-es
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-fr
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-it
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-ja
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-ko
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-pl
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-ru
rpm -e --nodeps man-pages-uk
rpm -e --nodeps scim-tables
rpm -e --nodeps scim-tables-chinese
